# 20190212_Coding
## Topic?
Basically, Today I have done some of questions in C language book. I am not pretty sure how it called in English, but in Korean, it called "달팽이 배열" and, it might be "Snail Array" in English. Book tell us to make those snail array with 2nd-dimension array, and pointer.

## How it works?
Roughly, this is how it works: declare massive 2nd dimension array called arr[50][50] --> get User input for how many rows user wants to see --> show snail array. <br/>
SO DETAIL GOES LIKE : <br/>
1. Declare integer variable called howmany, and 50*50 array<br/>
2. Reset whole 50*50 array to 0(To make non-garbage value)<br/>
3. Make it SNAIL using declared-function called "setToSnail5(int (*arp)[50], howmany)" <br/>
4. After filling arrays with snail functions, show arrays to user(Terminal Output)<br/>
5. Done!<br/>

## Keypoints
It took about whole day to solve those problems, with some researches(lastly!)<br/>
1. We should use multiple functions, basically can't put all codes into main function. eg; I used (void) showArray, resetArray, setToSnail5, main in this code;<br/>
2. We need to get User input from scanf so we can show **how many array rows user want to see**. <br/>
3. Its really important(well, most important) to know(or find) pattern between Horizontal way & Vertical way. This find me out how to write snail array to a "C Code" <br/>
4. When I first found this code, I wasn't pretty sure I understood this code, I erased all code and write everything from beginning without any researching. This helps to understand code if you are not.

## In conclusion
It was freaking hard though; As one of the basic students that never done C before, it was, again, freaking hard.<br/>
But the thing is, I got couple of questions to solve, so, its the beginning!<br/>
<br/>
Oh, I am not releasing source code since its really common in Google.