# 20190213_Coding
## Before start-off..
It was pretty tired day just because I helped my teacher moving to other place with friends(it just means we helped moving all stuff - furnitures, etc - to big truck, and we ate dinner / went to theatre. It was really fun though, but it made me tired. So today's topic is really easy & pretty straight forward. 

## Topic
I've just learned how to use rand() - not srand(int) function in C.<br/>
Question is: How we can limit its output to **2-digit number?** - **print 5 times only.**<br/>
so it means we have to print random numbers only 5 times with 2-digit number(0-99).

## How it works(Hard way)?
I thought it was really simple comparing to last coding(snail array)
1. Declare int random, cnt = 0 variables; <br/>
2. Make one infinite loop. <br/>
3. In one infinite loop, put rand() functions to random variable(int random), so it goes random = rand().<br/>
4. Make if statement with (random > 0 && random <99) and plus 1 to cnt(cnt++).<br/>
5. Make another statement for: if cnt equals 5, we break out infinite loop and return 0.<br/>

## This is the Code(Hard Way)

    int random, cnt = 0;
	while (1) {
		random = rand();
		if (random > 0 && random < 99 ) {
			printf("Random Value: %d\n", random);
			cnt++;
		}
		if (cnt == 5) {
			break;
		}
	}

## Problem?
Its really simple comparing to others but it isn't really cpu-friendly, meaning its not really efficient at all. It took about 0.9 seconds to print out all - final - result.

## Researches / Answers.

    for (int i = 0; i < 5; i++) {
		printf("Random Number: %d\n", rand()%100);
		}<br/>		

This is it. It basically used % operator to print out 2-digit numbers 5 time. They don't use any infinite loop(well, conditional loop actually) and print out result without any delays(it roughly took 0.008 seconds)

## So?
Well, I heard 'coding isn't really hard as you think, but optimizing is.' and I really felt that; It roughly took 2minuites when I write first code, meaning this coding - problem was pretty easy to "code".  But to write 2nd code, it took about 15m to get final result. I knew what is % operator and how it works, but it didn't really came out when I first write the code. Maybe I just have to solve many problems to improve those optimizing;