# 20190214_Coding
## Before we go.
So I woke up early in the morning(well, actually 9 am is early for me lol) and I started to write some codes with questions in book. Basically I solved 2 questions for today, which is Rock-Scissors-Paper & some kind of card games.

## So what is the first one?
First one I started off was 'Rock-Scissors-Papers' game(I will call it RSP Game). Question was pretty simple: Use rand() & srand((int)time(NULL)) to make RSP Game. 

## First Code
    if (com == user) {
			printf("Same!\n");
			same++;
		} else if (com == 0 && user == 1) { //com: Scissors, User: Rock
			printf("User wins!\n");
			win++;
		} else if (com == 0 && user == 2) { //com: Scissors, User: Paper
			printf("Com wins!\n");
			lose++;
		} else if (com == 1 && user == 0) { //com: Rock, User: Scissors
			printf("Com wins!\n");
			lose++;
		} else if (com == 1 && user == 2) { //com: Rock, User: Paper
			printf("User wins!\n");
			win++;
		} else if (com == 2 && user == 0) { //com: Paper, User: Scissors
			printf("User wins!\n");
			win++;
		} else if (com == 2 && user == 1) { //com: Paper, User: Rock
			printf("Com wins!\n");
			lose++;
		}


As you can see this code looks pretty dirty and in-efficient code. So I thought 'how can I reduce those massive code to simple one?' <br/>
Interestingly, I found user-winning conditions returns user-com = 1 or user-com = -2, and com-winning conditions returns user-com = 2 or user-com = -1. So I wrote whole code again like this;

## Second Code 
    while (lose == 0) {
		printf("0: Scissors 1: Rock 2: Paper; What do you want to choose?");
		scanf("%d", &user);
		srand((int)time(NULL) + user);
		com = rand()%3;
		if (com == user) {
			printf("Same!\n");
			same++;
		} else if (user - com == 1 || user - com == -2) { //com: Scissors, User: Rock
			printf("User wins!\n");
			win++;
		} else if (user - com == 2 || user-com == -1) { //com: Scissors, User: Paper
			printf("Com wins!\n");
			lose++;
		}
	}

It looks way more simple & way more efficient, size-friendly. So that's how I ended this RSP Game questions. (It was pretty simple though)

## Second Questions
Second question was to make some kind of card-game. Rule is this. Computer randomly picks 3 numbers from range 0 - 9. After that User 'guesses' what computer chose.<br/>
But there are some conditions. Such things like, 3 numbers should be **EXACTLY** same as computers, even digit orders. User can guess many as user wants, with some hints.<br/>
Hints are like, they return 'ball' if digits are correct but order is wrong, and returns 'strike' if both digits and orders are correct.<br/>
So if user hits 3 strike at last, game ends. 

## The Code
    int arr[3], userarr[3], strike = 0, ball = 0;
	for (int i = 0; i < 3; i++) {
		srand((int)time(NULL) + i);
		arr[i] = rand()%10;
		//printf("%d\n", arr[i]);
	}
	while (strike != 3) {
		strike = 0, ball = 0;
		// Get User Input
		printf("Choose 3 Digit:");
		scanf("%d %d %d", &userarr[0], &userarr[1], &userarr[2]);
		
		if (userarr[0] == 10) {
			for (int i = 0; i < 3; i++) {
				printf("%d\n", arr[i]);
			}
		}
	
		// Check Strikes - Balls 
		for (int i = 0; i < 3; i++) {
			for (int j = 0; j < 3; j++) {
				if (userarr[i] == arr[j]) {
					if (i == j) {
						strike++;
					} else {
						//printf("I:%d, J:%d\n", i, j);
						ball++;
					}
				}
			}
		}
		printf("Strike: %d, Ball: %d\n", strike, ball);
	}

Its pretty simple though; First thing to do is declare 1st dimension array with some random numbers. To avoid computer picks same random numbers, I added 'i' to srand argument. I said 'a user' getting a 3 strike means user found all number digits - orders that computer chose. So I put strike != 3 to while arguments so it continues till user guesses all digits. 

    	if (userarr[0] == 10) {
			for (int i = 0; i < 3; i++) {
				printf("%d\n", arr[i]);
			}
		}

Well, this is called "My precious Cheat Code". Let me mention the rules again. User OR Computer should pick ONLY from 0-9. But if user put 10 to first order, this program will show what digits & order computer chose. So its kind of cheat code though. 

## Lastly
Well, Didn't really took me a lot of time to code all things though, but playing with code was pretty fun; aka putting cheating code in to program, something like that! But its time to think about how to make an efficient code. <br/>